the legend of a lost city of gold and
the two men brave enough to find it I am
Miguel and I am Tulio and they call us
Miguel and Tulio I give you the owner of
a quick and painless death
hmm but not with that I'll bet we can
make that two pesetas says we can't
[Music]
DreamWorks Pictures invite you
to join two friends on an incredible
journey we'll follow that trail betrayal
to the Magnificent city of gold
[Music]
big smile like you mean it they actually
think miguel and tulio a mighty and
powerful gods
no don't eat my help
what makes you think we need your help
are you serious they're bound for
excitement and danger I know you are not
God you're not a god
[Music]
they're good featuring six new songs
from Elton John and Tim lights the Oscar
win team from the Lion King
the road to El Dorado
[Music]